DOCS-7791 branded emails (#140)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/branded-emails.adoc

= Optionally Configure Branded Emails
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

Anypoint API Community Manager sends notification emails when an API contract

> is approved or revoked. By default these emails use Anypoint addresses and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is approved or revoked. By default these emails use Anypoint Platform addresses and
```

Reviewer: Global: I think we have to use the full product name.

Author: You're exactly right-- just checked the style guide and it says "Anypoint Platform", not "the Anypoint Platform" and not just "Anypoint". I probably need to clean up a lot of those two wrong ones in the ACM and Exchange docs. Thank you for the reminder.

branding. If you wish to configure them to use your own addresses and branding
instead, use these steps.

. Navigate to *Setup* > *Home* > *Integrations* > *External Data Sources* and ensure *Eligible for External Data Change Capture* is enabled.
. Set *Polling Interval for External Change Data Capture (seconds)*.
+
The default is 1800 and the minimum is 300.
. Navigate to *Setup*, use *Quick Find* to go to *Change Data Capture*, navigate to *Entities* > *Change Manually* > *Available Entities*, and move *AnypointContracts* to the *Selected Entities* list.
. Navigate to *Setup*, use *Quick Find* to go to *Apex Triggers*, and click the *Developer Console* button.
. Click *File* > *New* > *Apex Trigger*, set *Name* to `AnypointEmailNotificationsTrigger`, and set *sObject* to `acm_pkg__AnypointContracts__ChangeEvent`.
. Enter this code block:
+
----
    trigger AnypointEmailNotificationsTrigger on acm_pkg__AnypointContracts__ChangeEvent (after insert) {
        List<acm_pkg__AnypointContracts__ChangeEvent> events = Trigger.new;
        acm_pkg__.AnypointEmailNotifications.notifyOnContractUpdates(events);
    }
----
+

> . Grant the *Organization Admin* role to the Anypoint user named *Automated Process*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Grant the *Organization Administrator* role to the Anypoint user named *Automated Process*.
```

> . Grant the *Organization Administrator* role to the Anypoint user named *Automated Process*.

Reviewer 2: This step should be at the end. The anypoint user "automated process" will be created automatically in anypoint only after this new functionality is exercised for the first time (i.e. after all the config is done, and a user requests a contract and it is then approved in anypoint). 

Maybe this should be more like a small section at the end "Complete permissions configuration in anypoint" or something like that, that includes 
1) exercising it for the first time: as the admin, go to the public side of the community, request access to an API with manual approval and approve it in anypoint - this creates the automated process user
2) giving org admin to the new automated user that was created

Author: Added. Thank you!

+

> The impersonation configuration you performed created this Anypoint user automatically. It works with the Salesforce user named *Automated Process* to process triggers. The Anypoint user needs the *Organization Admin* role to process the API contract events when API contracts are approved or revoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The impersonation configuration you performed created this Anypoint user automatically. It works with the Salesforce user named *Automated Process* to process triggers. The Anypoint user needs the *Organization Administrator* role to process the API contract events when API contracts are approved or revoked.
```

> . Navigate to *Setup* and use *Quick Find* to go to *Organization-Wide Addresses*.

Reviewer 2: this should be the next step after entering the trigger code above

Author: Fixed.

. Set *Display Name* to `EventEmailSender`.

> . Set *Email Address* to the email address at your organization that will send the API contract event notification emails.

Reviewer: Finding a way around future tense is ideal, but I cannot think of one in this case.

Author: Good point. If OK with you, I'll use "the email address at your organization that sends the API contract event notification emails."

. In the *Query Editor*, enter `SELECT Id, Address FROM OrgWideEmailAddress` and click *Execute*.
. In the list of IDs and email addresses, choose the row with *Address* equal to the organization wide email address you set, double click the ID, and copy it.
. In the *ACM Community Config Metadata* field *OrgWideEmailAddressId*, paste the ID.
. Click *Save*.
. Repeat this process for all additional communities, creating one record for each community.
+
*NetworkId* is different for each community. *ContractApprovedEmailTemplateId*, *ContractRevokedEmailTemplateId*, and *OrgWideEmailAddressId* may be the same for multiple communities.
. Navigate to *Setup*, use *Quick Find* to go to *Classic Email Templates*, and navigate to *Folder* > *ACM*.
. Customize the *API Community Manager: Contract Approved* and *API Community Manager: Contract Revoked* templates, or create your own templates and configure the *ACM Community Config Metadata* to use them.
. Configure an email relay as described in the Salesforce documentation page https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=emailadmin_email_relay_overview.htm&type=5[Send Email Through Email Relay, role=external, window=blank].
+

> If the relay is not configured, notification emails will be sent from a Salesforce domain with a sender email address in your organization's domain. The actual sender domain and sender email address domain will not match, and many email providers will mark the notification emails as spam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the relay is not configured, notification emails are sent from a Salesforce domain with a sender email address in your organization's domain. The actual sender domain and sender email address domain do not match, and many email providers mark the notification emails as spam.
```

> . Modify the headers of the external data source so the default notification emails with Anypoint branding are no longer sent.

Reviewer 2: this should also be a section as it involves several steps "Disable Anypoint default email notifications" (with the previous comment, this will become the second to last section - before the new section "Complete permissions configuration in anypoint" which will be the last section). it could say something like this:

You can alter the email addresses of a member that is provided to Anypoint when the corresponding Anypoint user record is created through the impersonation mechanism so that the Anypoint user record email is not a valid address. This prevents the community member from receiving the standard Anypoint notification emails. 

To to this: 
1. go to salesforce setup > external data sources and click on the NAME of the Exchange external data source to open it in view mode
2. Scroll to the "Custom HTTP Headers" section and click Edit on "X-Email" header
3. add a suffix to the "Header field value" field, for example:  `$User.Email + ".donotsend"`

Author: Done. Thank you!

. In the *ACM Community Config Metadata* field *ContractApprovedEmailTemplateId*, paste the ID.
. In the list of IDs and email templates, choose the row with *Name* equal to *API Community Manager: Contract Revoked*, double click the ID, and copy it.
. In the *ACM Community Config Metadata* field *ContractRevokedEmailTemplateId*, paste the ID.
. In the *Query Editor*, enter `SELECT Id, Address FROM OrgWideEmailAddress` and click *Execute*.
. In the list of IDs and email addresses, choose the row with *Address* equal to the organization wide email address you set, double click the ID, and copy it.
. In the *ACM Community Config Metadata* field *OrgWideEmailAddressId*, paste the ID.
. Click *Save*.
. Repeat this process for all additional communities, creating one record for each community.
+
*NetworkId* is different for each community. *ContractApprovedEmailTemplateId*, *ContractRevokedEmailTemplateId*, and *OrgWideEmailAddressId* may be the same for multiple communities.
. Navigate to *Setup*, use *Quick Find* to go to *Classic Email Templates*, and navigate to *Folder* > *ACM*.

> . Customize the *API Community Manager: Contract Approved* and *API Community Manager: Contract Revoked* templates, or create your own templates and configure the *ACM Community Config Metadata* to use them.

Reviewer 3: Names templates are: **Contract Approved** and **Contract Revoked**. (The first part of the name, API Community Manager: was removed because you are inside ACM Folder and it is redundant)

Author: @aamura thank you! Please review the fix in https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager/pull/141
